Quick Start

	* After installation, you should see a Lily menu item in your Firefox "Tools" menu. A great way to begin learning about Lily is by 
	  looking at the samples in the "Examples" folders. Select "Open" to browse the examples files and demo applications (Lily application 
	  files end with a ".json" extension). General instructions for creating a new patch are below.

	* From the Lily menu, select "New". (Tools->Lily->New) A debug window and patch window will open. Patches are Lily program 
	  documents. They can be saved by choosing "Save" from the File menu. Patches are saved as .json files. When a new patch window 
	  opens, it's "unlocked", meaning it's possible to edit the document. When you're ready to test your patch, you'll want 
	  to switch to "locked" mode by unchecking "edit" under the Lily "Patch" menu or clicking the lock icon in the patch window status bar.
	
	* Double-click anywhere in the patch window to create your first external. Externals are the modules that add functionality to your 
	  program. A Lily program consists of interconnected externals. An empty external should appear with a blinking cursor. Pressing the 
	  delete key while the external is empty will bring up a list of all available externals.
	
	* Begin typing the name of the external you want to create. (If you're unsure what you external you want to create, 
	  have a look at the external help menu under "Support" in the menubar.) As you type, the name of the external should appear 
	  in the auto-complete list that appears below the external. You can select the name using either the mouse or the arrow 
	  keys or just continue typing until it becomes selected. Once it's selected in the auto-complete list, just hit enter 
	  or return to complete the external name. Once the name is complete, clicking away from the external (deselecting it) 
	  will then create the external in the patch. To delete an external, select it with your mouse and hit the delete key or 
	  choose the clear command in the Lily "Edit" menu. You can also create using the "New" menu under the "External Object" menu.
	
	* Some externals can take typed in arguments after the external name to specify parameter values. If you're unsure of what 
	  arguments an external can take, you can check the external's help patch by option/alt clicking the external to open the help document. 
	  It's also possible to browse all help patches via the "External Help" menu under "Support".
	
	* To connect two externals, click on an external's outlet (outlets are located at the bottom of the external) and then move your mouse 
	  to the external you want to connect to. You should see the patch cord following your mouse. Click on the inlet (inlets are located at the
	  top of the external) you want to connect to. The cord should segment and the connection will be complete. To delete a connection, select 
	  it with your mouse and hit the delete key or choose the clear command in the "Edit" menu. 
	

Windows
There are 3 windows- Patch, Inspector, Debug. The Inspector & Debug windows can toggled open & close in the Lily Window menu.


Menus
Each window has its own menu bar and most menus are on the Patch window. There are "New" & "Open" menu items available in the main
browser window under "Tools -> Lily". The menus are documented below:

	File
		New  				- Open new patch.
		Open 				- Open an existing patch from disk.
		Save 				- Save the active patch.
		Close				- Close the active patch.
		Save as				- Save the current patch with a new name.
		Save as app			- Save the current patch as a xulrunner application.
		Save as addon		- Save the current patch as a Mozilla/Firefox add-on
		
	Edit
		Copy				- Copy selected externals & connections.
		Cut					- Cut selected externals & connections.
		Paste				- Paste contents of the clipboard.
		Clear				- Delete selected externals & connections.
		Select All			- Select all externals & connections.

	Patch
		Edit				- Toggle patch edit/performance mode.
		Color				- Change color of the patch.
		
	External Object
		Get Info			- Open the inspector for the selected external.
		Font				- Change font size/family of selected external.
		New					- Create a new external.
		Color				- Change color of selected externals.
		Hide on Lock 		- Hide selected externals when in performance mode.
		Show on Lock 		- Show selected externals when in performance mode.		
		Bring Forward		- Increment the z-index of the selected externals.
		Send Back			- Decrement the z-index of the selected externals.
		
	Window
		Debug Window		- Open/Close the debug window.
		Inspector			- Open/Close the inspector window.
		
	Support
		Help Screen			- Keyboard shortcuts reference.
		Options				- Open preferences dialog.
		Report a Bug		- Open a window to file a bug on trac.
		External Help		- Browse the object help files sorted  by category.		
		
	Debug
		Show all Errors 	- Report all Javascript errors in the debug window.
		Show all Messages 	- Report all Javascript errors in the debug window.		
		Dump Listeners		- Dump external object & patch listeners.
		

Short Cuts 
Press Ctrl/Cmd Shift H to see a help screen with application shortcuts.


Preferences
Add a folder to the search path. The search path is location on your computer where Lily will look to load externals or patches.
Change the default application font.
Add/Edit API Keys.


API Keys
Most web services (Yahoo, Amazon, etc) require an API key to operate. The keys offer somewhat limited access, usually 
on the order of 1000-5000 calls/day. To simplify things for beta testing, I've set up API keys that are installed with the app that
are shared by all testers. Please keep this mind, when you're testing- if you need greater access to a particular API, please
sign up for your own API key. The keys can be edited in the prefs window.
